README.
Title
Project Name: Miniproject - Snakes and Ladders.

The Project requirement:
Must have a reset button
If you build a you Game must have:

1. Must be a two player game (either against the computer or against another player)

2. A win state - a way for the player to win the game
   o High score can be considered a win state

3. A way to keep playing if the game is not over

4. Multiple rounds to play - a round must begin, end, and there must be a way to check if the game should continue or the overall game is won or lost

Project Description:
Snakes and Ladder game with 2 players

Technologies used to create the project are:
html
CSS
javaSctipt.

Functionalities of the project:
Project has 2 players, there are 2 buttons for the players to start the game. Both players have buttons to play the game at the same time. The score are displayed everytime a play clicks the play button. If a player gets to the tof of the snake the player is sent down to the tail. If a player get to the the bottom of the ladder the player advances to the top of the ladder.
The first player that gets to 100 points wins the game.
There will be an option to play again after each match.
Players can roll dice, move on the board by clicking on squares.
Each time they land on a square, there is a chance of getting a snake or ladder.
A player cannot go back to a square where they already were.
Designing Steps:

1. Create HTML structure including all necessary elements such as buttons, text areas etc.
2. Design CSS stylesheet using Flexbox layout methodology.
3. Implement JavaScript logic to handle user interactions and game rules.
4. Pop up to say when new game should starts
5. Test the application in different browsers MS edge and google
6. Make sure the code is clean and well-documented and I had comments so I can go back and improve on the code.
7. CSS used in styling
8. Images were in png format.
9. MS paint 3D was used to remove background from images, Some worked and some didn't.

Design requirements:

- Design is very simple and understandable
- The code was modularized for easy handling so if there is an error in one section I will know the exact secion to update/fix.

Hw to use the application or play the game:
How to use this application?
To start playing, click on "Player1" button. Once started, you can see the current  
score displayed at the bottom. You can also see your opponent's score as it changes.  
I used two dots to represent the dices as that was better for me to implement than a dice. player and you can see the dots moving.

Images used in the game:
Images from the internet, snakes and ladders. There were difficulties getting png images without background so this made it more tedius to get.
Tried to use Ms paind 3D to remove background images, some worked and some didn't

Grids used in the game:
Used for loop to create the grid for the game. The grid has 10 rows and 10 colunms a total of 100 rows and columns.

Issues faced during development:

- I had difficulty implementing the snakes and ladders feature due to lack of knowledge about how to implement some features as it changes whenever a snake or ladder is added.
- Some issues with css. Very tricky to navigate the grids due to the size of the grids.
- Coundn't style the grids individually as it messes up the grids and throws the images off the page.
-

Resources:

1. W3Schools
2. MDN Web Docs
3. FreeCode camp
